README.md, before:

# ![logo](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/837667478590324737/1039281928727179375/unknown.png) Solas Shader
Solas is a new Minecraft Java Edition shaderpack which aims to provide stunning visuals at a low performance cost. It was originally intended to serve as Prismarine Shader's successor. 

### Downloads
[![Download on curseforge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Curseforge-F16436?style=for-the-badge&logo=curseforge&logoColor=white)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/customization/solas-shader) [![Download on GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub-F9E26C?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=40463C)](https://github.com/Septonious/Solas-Shader/archive/refs/heads/main.zip)

## Unique Technologies
Solas is probably the first shaderpack to finally achieve the goal of super fast and FPS-cheap colored lighting and global illumination in Minecraft.
Both are done with bloom which costs little performance while maintaining good visual appearance.

Most other shaderpacks with 3D volumetric clouds have a problem of them leaking into closed spaces like caves or mountains. 
Solas fixes that problem by toggling a cloud shadow check in cases where a closed space is detected, thus essentially turning volumetric clouds into volumetric light.

Another problem a lot of shaderpacks have is shadow light leaking and peter panning which is not present in Solas.

## Key Features
- 3D volumetric clouds and light rays.

- Water, atmospheric and border fog.
- Fast colored lighting and global illumination.
- Fancy sky effects: Aurora Borealis, Milky Way, Ender Nebula, Ender Vortex and more.

- Cinematic post effects: bloom, chromatic aberration, adjustable and flexible tonemap, TAA, FXAA.

- Integrated PBR resourcepack with custom emissive and reflective blocks.

- And more is coming soon

## Screenshots
<details><summary>Click to Expand</summary>
<p>

![screenshot1](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1025820650394357891/1038128154126061599/orth.png)
![screenshot2](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1025820650394357891/1038128154570662058/mia.png)
![screenshot3](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/887769802721067038/1038859728060686477/2022-11-06_19.57.21.png)
![screenshot4](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/887769802721067038/1038606749604786237/2022-11-06_01.11.11.png)
![screenshot5](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/887769802721067038/1037307450430345297/2022-11-02_12.59.01.png)
![screenshot6](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/887769802721067038/1031944106148114462/2022-10-18_22.28.10.png)
![screenshot7](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/887769802721067038/1029560129634447360/2022-10-11_19.44.41.png)
![screenshot8](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/887769802721067038/1028324379366522970/unknown.png)
![screenshot9](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/887769802721067038/1026511341390921759/unknown.png)
![screenshot10](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/887769802721067038/1026434164980985856/2022-10-03_17.40.18.png)

</p>
</details>

## License
![https://github.com/Septonious/Solas-Shader/blob/main/LICENSE](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Septonious/Solas-Shader?style=for-the-badge&logo=&color=lightblue)

Commit message:

Even more improved README.md
Added social media & trailer

README.md, after:

# ![logo](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/837667478590324737/1039281928727179375/unknown.png) Solas Shader
Solas is a new Minecraft Java Edition shaderpack which aims to provide stunning visuals at a low performance cost. It was originally intended to serve as Prismarine Shader's successor. 

### Trailer
[![Trailer](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/837667478590324737/1039620637209145496/solas-yt.png)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y-JdKxsQdy8)

*click to open the trailer in YouTube*

## Downloads
[![Download on curseforge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Curseforge-F16436?style=for-the-badge&logo=curseforge&logoColor=white)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/customization/solas-shader) 

[![Download on GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub-F9E26C?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=40463C)](https://github.com/Septonious/Solas-Shader/archive/refs/heads/main.zip)

## Community
[![Discord](https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/816223286958489631/widget.png?style=banner2)](https://discord.gg/4uTAUQR2xu) 

[![Youtube](https://img.shields.io/youtube/channel/subscribers/UCa-oHqFdqa88Xp3wcBugazQ?color=%23ff0000&label=Youtube&logo=youtube&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge)](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCa-oHqFdqa88Xp3wcBugazQ)

## About Solas

### Unique Technologies
Solas is probably the first shaderpack to finally achieve the goal of super fast and FPS-cheap colored lighting and global illumination in Minecraft.
Both are done with bloom which costs little performance while maintaining good visual appearance.

Most other shaderpacks with 3D volumetric clouds have a problem of them leaking into closed spaces like caves or mountains. 
Solas fixes that problem by toggling a cloud shadow check in cases where a closed space is detected, thus essentially turning volumetric clouds into volumetric light.

Another problem a lot of shaderpacks have is shadow light leaking and peter panning which is not present in Solas.

### Key Features
- 3D volumetric clouds and light rays.

- Water, atmospheric and border fog.
- Fast colored lighting and global illumination.
- Fancy sky effects: Aurora Borealis, Milky Way, Ender Nebula, Ender Vortex and more.

- Cinematic post effects: bloom, chromatic aberration, adjustable and flexible tonemap, TAA, FXAA.

- Integrated PBR resourcepack with custom emissive and reflective blocks.

- And more is coming soon

# Screenshots
<details><summary>Click to Expand</summary>
<p>

![screenshot1](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1025820650394357891/1038128154126061599/orth.png)
![screenshot2](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1025820650394357891/1038128154570662058/mia.png)
![screenshot3](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/887769802721067038/1038859728060686477/2022-11-06_19.57.21.png)
![screenshot4](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/887769802721067038/1038606749604786237/2022-11-06_01.11.11.png)
![screenshot5](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/887769802721067038/1037307450430345297/2022-11-02_12.59.01.png)
![screenshot6](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/887769802721067038/1031944106148114462/2022-10-18_22.28.10.png)
![screenshot7](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/887769802721067038/1029560129634447360/2022-10-11_19.44.41.png)
![screenshot8](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/887769802721067038/1028324379366522970/unknown.png)
![screenshot9](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/887769802721067038/1026511341390921759/unknown.png)
![screenshot10](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/887769802721067038/1026434164980985856/2022-10-03_17.40.18.png)

</p>
</details>

## License
![https://github.com/Septonious/Solas-Shader/blob/main/LICENSE](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Septonious/Solas-Shader?style=for-the-badge&logo=&color=lightblue)
